### 1. You find a treasure chest in an empty room. Do you want to open it?
a. Yes(50% true chest, 50% a battle)
b. No

### 2. You are tumbled and some of you gold fall into acid liquor. You decide
a. Try to get the money back.(Lose 15% of current HP)
b. Give up the gold and walk away.(Lose 50 gold)

### 3. Your fall into a lake, the lake elf save you up and show you 3 cards, said:"you lose 1 card, which one is yours?"(3 cards, 1 common, 1 rare, 1 epic,  if you answer the wrong answer, then you lose that 1 card, else, you get all 3 cards )
a. Card a
b. Card b
c. Card c

### 4. You find there are 3 houses in front, there is nobody in them. Because it is late now, you decide to go in one house and sleep. Which one do you choose?  
a. The Villa
b. The big stone house
c. The small wood house
(a: get 50 gold. b: recover 30% of hp. c: lose one random card)

### 5. You find a baldachine, waiting for someone to drop money in it. You decide
a. Give it 80 gold 
b. Give it 40 gold
c. Go away
(a: get a random upgraded card b:get a random card c:nothing)

### 6. You find a underground arean and there are many death fights there. You decide:
a. Join it(2 continuous battle, if you win all, gain 200 gold)
b. Leave

### 7. Find there is mysterious ball floating in front of you. You decide:
a. Touch it(upgrade a card)
b. Attack it(delete a card)
c. Leave

### 8. You find a covert room. The heretics are putting money inside cage to consecrate the equipment on desk, you decide:
a. Steal the cage(gain 100 gold)
b. Try to steal the equipment(get a random epic equipment and put 2 random curse card into desk)
c. Leave

### 9. You find there is equipment floating in the slime acid. You decide:
a. Try to get it(20% chance success, lose 4 hp everytime. Every failure will increase 10% success chance)
b. leave

### 10. You find an adventurer's body. You decide:
a. Search it for some items(50% chance success and get 1 random equipment, 50% chance battle with the comming elite enemies)
b. leave

### 11. You find some gold embeded in the stone. You decide:
a. Carve it out(You can choose this if you have 15+ attack card in deck, get 100 gold)
b. Attack the stone(You take 20 damage, upgrade 1 card)
c. Level

### 12. You find some gold embeded in the stone. You decide:
a. Carve it out(You can choose this if you have 15+ attack card in deck, get 100 gold)
b. Attack the stone(You take 20 damage, upgrade 1 card)
c. Level

### 13. You find a witch, she said if you can deal with her if you have enough gold.
a. Recover 20 hp(40 gold)
b. Upgrade 1 card(60 gold)
c. Delete 1 card(80 gold)
d. Level

### 14. You encounter a Pharmacist, he said if you can deal with him if you have enough gold.
a. Buy 1 potion(20 gold)
b. Buy 2 potions(40 gold)
c. Buy 3 potions(60 gold)
d. Level

### 15. You fall from a cliff, luckily you don't get hurt, but you lose something.
a. Delete 1 card

### 16. You get lost in a forest. Luckily you encounter some elves. They can take sacrificial offerings from you and give you some feedback.
a. Choose a card in your deck as present. (common will do nothing, rare will upgrade 1 random card, epic will give you 1 random legendary card, legendary card will give you a legendary equipment)
b. Level.

### 17. You find a magic array, you decide:
a. Stand on it
b. Destroy it
c. Level
(a.Get 1 strength, lose 50% of current hp  b.fight with an elite)

### 18. You encounter a mysterious man, he invites you to play a rotary table game. You decide:
a. Play
d. Level
(a. 20% recover 20 hp, 20% get 50 gold, 20% delete 1 random card, 20% lose 20 hp, 20% lose 50 gold)

### 19. You encounter a businessman, you can make deal with him.

### 20. You come to a rest place. You decide:
a. Rest(recover 30% hp)
b. Upgrade(upgrade a card)
c. Dig(select a card)



